Add examples from the HIP programming guide (#271)
amd/rocm-examples: HIP-Programming-Guide/memory_pool_threshold/README.md

# HIP-Programming-Guide Memory Pool Threshold Example

## Description

Memory pools provide a way to manage memory with stream-ordered behavior while ensuring proper synchronization and
avoiding memory access errors. Division of a single memory system into separate pools facilitates querying the access
path properties for each partition. Memory pools are used for host memory, device memory, and unified memory.

This example demonstrates how to use the stream ordered memory allocation (SOMA) API to set up and manage a memory

> pool. In addition, a threshold is defined which specifies the amount of reserved memory to hold onto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to use the stream ordered memory allocation (SOMA) API to set up and manage a memory
pool, while defining a threshold to specify an amount of memory to reserve.
```
